Rewrite infomation of php version (#74)
bs-community/blessing-skin-manual: man/en/setup.md

### Basic Requirements

Blessing Skin supports Nginx, Apache and Caddy, however it doesn't support IIS. PHP version must be 8.1.0 or above.

> ::: warning For users who used the stable version of Blessing Skin
> 
> The latest stable version of Blessing Skin (I.e. 6.0.2) didn't support PHP version 8.2.0 or above. Compile with the latest source code if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: warning For users of the stable version of Blessing Skin

The latest stable version of Blessing Skin (v6.0.2) doesn't support PHP 8.2.0 or above. Please build with the latest source code if needed.
```
